chore(v2): document use of aws-crt-client (#1092) (#1605)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java: docs/FAQs.md

With the [announcement](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/announcing-availability-of-the-aws-crt-http-client-in-the-aws-sdk-for-java-2-x/) of the `aws-crt-client` a new http client has been released, which offers faster SDK startup time and smaller memory footprint. 

Unfortunately, replacing the `url-connection-client` dependency with the `aws-crt-client` will not immediately improve the lambda cold start performance and memory footprint, 
as the default version of the dependency contains low level libraries for all target runtimes (linux, macos, windows, etc).  

Using the `aws-crt-client` in your project requires the exclusion of the `url-connection-client` transitive dependency from the powertools dependency. 

```xml 
<dependency>
    <groupId>software.amazon.lambda</groupId>
    <artifactId>powertools-parameters</artifactId>
    <version>1.18.0</version>
    <exclusions>
        <exclusion>
            <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk</groupId>
            <artifactId>url-connection-client</artifactId>
        </exclusion>
    </exclusions>
</dependency>
```

> Next to adding the `aws-crt-client` and excluding the `aws-crt` dependency (contain all runtime libraries) it's required to set a specific runtime version of the `aws-crt` dependency by specifying the classifier for your specific target runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, add the `aws-crt-client` and exclude the "generic" `aws-crt` dependency (contains all runtime libraries). 
Instead, set a specific classifier of the `aws-crt` to use the one for your target runtime: either `linux-x86_64` for a Lambda configured for x86 or `linux-aarch_64` for Lambda using arm64.
```

> Specifying the specific target runtime makes sure all other target runtimes are excluded from the jar file, which will result in the benefit of improved cold start times.   

Reviewer: not sure to understand that sentence, if we exclude the generic crt, what else do we need to exclude?

> Specifying the specific target runtime makes sure all other target runtimes are excluded from the jar file, which will result in the benefit of improved cold start times.   

Reviewer: Understood, then maybe rephrase:
```suggestion
By specifying the specific target runtime, it will avoid other target runtimes to be included in the lambda jar file, which will result in a smaller package and the benefit of improved cold start times.   
```

```xml

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk</groupId>
        <artifactId>aws-crt-client</artifactId>
        <version>2.23.21</version>
        <exclusions>
            <exclusion>
                <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk.crt</groupId>
                <artifactId>aws-crt</artifactId>
            </exclusion>
        </exclusions>
    </dependency>

    <dependency>
        <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk.crt</groupId>
        <artifactId>aws-crt</artifactId>
        <version>0.29.9</version>
        <classifier>linux-x86_64</classifier>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

> After configuring the dependencies it's required to specify the aws sdk http client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring the dependencies it's required to specify the AWS SDK http client in the code. 
```

> Most modules support a custom sdk client by leveraging the `.withClient()` method on the for instance the Provider singleton:

Reviewer: something missing here...

Author: I've tried to clarify it a bit more. I noticed I focussed too much on the parameters module, but other modules also use the url-connection client. Turned it into an example for a module and described that it depends on the PT module in use how to further configure the http client.

</configuration>
```

## How can I use Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java) with the AWS CRT HTTP Client?

> Powertools uses the `url-connection-client` as the default http client. The `url-connection-client` is a lightweight http client, which keeps the impact on Lambda cold starts to a minimum. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Powertools uses the `url-connection-client` as the default HTTP client. The `url-connection-client` is a lightweight HTTP client, which keeps the impact on Lambda cold starts to a minimum. 
```

> With the [announcement](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/announcing-availability-of-the-aws-crt-http-client-in-the-aws-sdk-for-java-2-x/) of the `aws-crt-client` a new http client has been released, which offers faster SDK startup time and smaller memory footprint. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the [announcement](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/announcing-availability-of-the-aws-crt-http-client-in-the-aws-sdk-for-java-2-x/) of the `aws-crt-client` a new HTTP client has been released, which offers faster SDK startup time and smaller memory footprint. 
```

Unfortunately, replacing the `url-connection-client` dependency with the `aws-crt-client` will not immediately improve the lambda cold start performance and memory footprint, 

> as the default version of the dependency contains low level libraries for all target runtimes (Linux, MacOS, Windows, etc).  

Author: Yes definitely great improvement.

### Configuring dependencies

Using the `aws-crt-client` in your project requires the exclusion of the `url-connection-client` transitive dependency from the powertools dependency. 

```xml 
<dependency>
    <groupId>software.amazon.lambda</groupId>
    <artifactId>powertools-parameters</artifactId>
    <version>1.18.0</version>
    <exclusions>
        <exclusion>
            <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk</groupId>
            <artifactId>url-connection-client</artifactId>
        </exclusion>
    </exclusions>
</dependency>
```
Next, add the `aws-crt-client` and exclude the "generic" `aws-crt` dependency (contains all runtime libraries). 
Instead, set a specific classifier of the `aws-crt` to use the one for your target runtime: either `linux-x86_64` for a Lambda configured for x86 or `linux-aarch_64` for Lambda using arm64.

> By specifying the specific target runtime, it will avoid other target runtimes to be included in the jar file, which will result in a smaller Lambda package and the benefit of improved cold start times.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By specifying the specific target runtime, we prevent other target runtimes from being included in the jar file, resulting in a smaller Lambda package and improved cold start times.
```

```xml

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk</groupId>
        <artifactId>aws-crt-client</artifactId>
        <version>2.23.21</version>
        <exclusions>
            <exclusion>
                <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk.crt</groupId>
                <artifactId>aws-crt</artifactId>
            </exclusion>
        </exclusions>
    </dependency>

    <dependency>
        <groupId>software.amazon.awssdk.crt</groupId>
        <artifactId>aws-crt</artifactId>
        <version>0.29.9</version>
        <classifier>linux-x86_64</classifier>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

### Explicitly set the AWS CRT HTTP Client

> After configuring the dependencies, it's required to explicitly specify the AWS SDK http client. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring the dependencies, it's required to explicitly specify the AWS SDK HTTP client. 
```

> Depending on the Powertools module, there is a different way to configure the sdk client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the Powertools module, there is a different way to configure the SDK client.
```

    import com.amazonaws.services.lambda.runtime.RequestHandler;
    import software.amazon.awssdk.services.ssm.SsmClient;
    import software.amazon.awssdk.http.crt.AwsCrtHttpClient;
    import software.amazon.lambda.powertools.parameters.ssm.SSMProvider;

    public class RequestHandlerWithParams implements RequestHandler<String, String> {
    
        // Get an instance of the SSMProvider with a custom HTTP client (aws crt).
        SSMProvider ssmProvider = SSMProvider
                .builder()
                .withClient(
                        SsmClient.builder()
                                .httpClient(AwsCrtHttpClient.builder().build())
                                .build()
                )
                .build();
    
        public String handleRequest(String input, Context context) {
            // Retrieve a single param
            String value = ssmProvider
                    .get("/my/secret");
                    // We might instead want to retrieve multiple parameters at once, returning a Map of key/value pairs
                    // .getMultiple("/my/secret/path");

            // Return the result
            return value;
        }
    }
    ```

> It has been considered to make the `aws-crt-client` the default http client in Lambda Powertools for Java, as mentioned in [Move SDK http client to CRT](https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java/issues/1092), 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `aws-crt-client` was considered for adoption as the default HTTP client in Lambda Powertools for Java as mentioned in [Move SDK http client to CRT](https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-java/issues/1092), 
```
